+++
date = "2014-05-19"
draft = true
title = "Politics."

+++
If you're a citizen of the EU then there's an important yet often easily overlooked decision you will have to make in the next couple of days. In case you didn't realize: I'm talking about the European elections coming up. And, as with all elections, the parties are supposed to be putting effort into convincing you and me to vote for them.

I say supposed to, because frankly, I'm not seeing a whole lot of convincing going on. Some posters here and there with vague texts like "Party X, for more jobs in Europe" or "Party Y for a better future" at best. So where do I sign up for a better future again? Other than flashy posters with useless statements, it's quiet here in The Netherlands - earily so.

But who actually believes a word of these fantastic oneliners anyway? Who in their right minds, would actually go vote on a party solely based on something like this? No one, should be the answer. Then why do parties even bother with such vague, totally useless and empty statements when they can't even begin to back them up? To grab my attention? Well they sure got it, but not in the right way - that's for sure. Because I'm not going to even consider voting on a party that tries to lure me in like this.

Honestly, I'm disappointed, scared and angry. I'm disappointed that it has come to such oneliners to convince people to vote. I'm scared because the people behind these parties are trying to lure in voters with these empty words - the same people that if they succeed, will receive a lot of power. Mostly though, I'm angry. I'm angry that people are not bothering to vote (36% of the people here in 2009 voted).

So please go and make yourself useful. Go find out who you feel represents you best and go fucking vote. Remember Frank Underwood? Well, he's coming for you and you better have something ready to beat him at his own game.
